In the following instructions replace xxxxxx with the project name.  For example, if
the project name is application, the project file for Kicad is application.pro.

1.  Create a directory that is going to contain the electrical files.

2.  Highlight the directory, right-click,TortoiseSVN->Export.  Under URL of repository:
Choose https://open-pinball-project.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Kicad/1010-PiShield.
This gets the most recent version of the board.  If versioned it is numbered in the
following ways.  Major revision 00 is rev -, revision 01 is
rev A, revision 02 is rev B, etc.  Minor revisions are the minor revision steps.  Rev B4 of
the hardware would be stored as rev02.04.00.

3.  Create a directory that will contain the library parts.  It should be stored in a
directory at ..\Libraries.  Highlight the directory, right-click,TortoiseSVN->Export.
Under URL of repository:
Choose https://open-pinball-project.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/Kicad/Libraries
that matches the parts libary revision listed in the table.  This extracts all the files from
the repository.

4.  Start Kicad

5.  Under File->Open... Browse to the directory and choose xxxxxx.pro

6.  Open the schematic file by double clicking on xxxxxx.sch file.

7.  To create the BOM file, choose Tools-Generate Bill of Materials.  Change output format
to Text for spreadsheet import, and Field separator to a comma.  Press the Ok button and
save the file in the project directory.

8.  Open the board file by double clicking on xxxxxx.brd file.

9.  To create the Gerber files do the following:  Choose File->Plot.  Set the output
directory to Gerber/.  (Disable the Do not tent vias if trying to pass FreeDFM).  Press
the Plot button to create the Gerber files.

10. To create the Drill file do the following:  Choose File->Plot.  Set the output
directory to Gerber/.  Press the Generate Drill File button to open the drill file
dialog.  Choose Auxiliary axis, and Mirror y axis and press Ok.  Choose to save the
file in the Gerber subdirectory.

11.   To create the simplified BOM (group all of the same parts together and combine
reference designators) and a zip file with the all the Gerber files and the drill file,
open a command prompt window and change to the project directory.  Run the build.bat command:
This will create xxxxxx.simp.csv which contains the simplified BOM and Gerber/Gerber.zip with
all the Gerber and drill files.


Version		Parts Lib	Notes:
00.00.00	unversioned	Initial version of 1010-PiShield.
